29
The complete mouse reference genome was sequenced in 2002.
Tail length varies according to the environmental temperature of the mouse during postnatal development.
A mouse is an input device.
The tail is also used for balance when the mouse is climbing or running, or as a base when the animal stands on its hind legs.
The mouse is one of the great breakthroughs in computer ergonomics.
A mouse is a rodent having a pointed snout.
Choose from wireless & USB mouse options as well as ergonomic & gaming mice.
A mouse has small rounded ears.
A mouse is a small object you can roll along a hard, flat surface.
The Razer DeathAdder Chroma is equipped with a 10,000dpi optical sensor, capable of mouse movement speeds of up to 300 inches per second.
Turn your mobile phone or tablet into a set of wireless mouse and keyboard. 
If you are new to using a mouse, it may take a little practice to get the hang of it.
Using a mouse can be a huge barrier to new computer users. 
Place your mouse at elbow level.
The house mouse is the most common rodent pest in most parts of the world.
The leader in rodent control, Victor offers the best mouse and rat control solutions, including electronic and live mouse traps, repellents, bait and more.
Effective mouse control involves sanitation and mouse proof construction.
Don't squeeze or grip your mouse tightly.
Move the mouse by pivoting your arm at your elbow.
Use a light touch when clicking a mouse button.
When you don't need to use the mouse, don't hold it.
The mouse has a body-length scaly tail.
Many studies have been done on mouse phylogenies to reconstruct early human movements.
With the mouse in your hand you cause the onscreen arrow to move around your computer display.
The mouse has a high breeding rate.
The best known mouse species is the common house mouse.
The house mouse is remarkably well-adapted for living year-round in homes.
The average sleep time of a captive house mouse is reported to be 12.5 hours per day.
Both evolutionary and behavioral consequences result from the polygamous nature of the house mouse. 